Update tenant-attach-intune.md (#2546)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/protect/tenant-attach-intune.md

#### Enable collections for use with endpoint security policies

> 1. From a Configuration Manager console connected to your top-level site, right-click on a device collection that you synchronize to Microsoft Endpoint Manager admin center and select **Properties**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From a Configuration Manager console connected to your top-level site, right-click on a device collection that you synchronized to Microsoft Endpoint Manager admin center and select **Properties**.
```

> 2. On the **Cloud Sync** tab, enable the option to **Make this collection available to assign Endpoint security policies from Microsoft Endpoint Manager admin center**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the **Cloud Sync** tab, enable the option to **Make this collection available to assign Endpoint security policies from Microsoft Endpoint Manager admin center**.
```

>    - You can't select this option if your Configuration Manager hierarchy isn't tenant attached.
>    - The collections available for this option are limited by the [collection scope selected for tenant attach upload](../../../configmgr/tenant-attach/device-sync-actions.md#bkmk_edit). <!--CM7423168-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can't select this option if your Configuration Manager hierarchy isn't tenant attached.
- The collections available for this option are limited by the [collection scope selected for tenant attach upload](../../../configmgr/tenant-attach/device-sync-actions.md#bkmk_edit). <!--CM7423168-->
```

  
   ![Configure cloud sync](../media/tenant-attach-intune/cloud-sync.png)
   

> 3. Click on **Add**  and **Select** the Azure Active Diretiry group that you would like to syncrhonize Collect memberhsip results with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Add**  and then **Select** the Azure Active Directory group that you would like to synchronize with Collect membership results.
```
